How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

I saw the difference in the code between the two games.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

I could see what i've done in the past and to see the differences in the newer and older versions of the app

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

I can see it in more detail, but i can also miss something, google can do it automatically and sometimes can do it better


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I dont really have an idea.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

I dont have an idea.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

Well if i break something i can just go back to the older version of code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

To freely experiment with my current code without worrying of making mistakes.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

I would always be able to look at the previous state of code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The pros are that you can make sure that the commit isn't too small or big, but at the same time you have the risk of not commiting as frequently as you should and vice-versa.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I have no idea.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

I can use git log to see the history of the changes made in the code, and use git diff to see the different versions of code using the ID's of each version.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Well, if I do make a mistake during the code, I can always go back to the previous version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I don't have an idea yet.